[Intro]
Hi there. My name is Tasmyn Clark and I'm part of generation adaptation 2021.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I joined the graphic design program because I wanted to find my spot in the game community.
I wanted to develop a game since I was kid, but I really didn't know if I enjoy coding more.
If I enjoyed doing art, I wasn't confident in myself on anything.
So when I joined the graphic design program, it was to learn more.
If I want to be an artist, if I enjoyed coding because the graphic design program offered both.
And then I've just found myself like in graphic design.
I appreciate that I now have the skills if I want to go back to making games,
but I definitely have found a love and interest in making motion work and graphic work and especially small business branding.
And it's overall I've gained my confidence.
So if I wanted to go back to the games, I have the confidence to do so,
but I've definitely been really enjoying just by work as a designer.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
I love motion graphics.
It is by far my favourite thing to do.
I love the fact that I have a huge variety between, making commercials to
even just making small shows, even just adding minor animations to a character for say a video game.
I love what it's introduced me to and the things I'll be able to do with it.
I loved animation growing up as a kid. I loved Disney, Pixar, even animes.
I think the best part now is I still love animation.
I still watch like my little pony and stuff like that.
And this is my way of being able to kind of live as an animator without only having animation.
I can still then take the skills that I've learned from this program and apply them in other things.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
I have one major hobby outside of the graphic design program
and it is snakes.
This here is Muffin. He was my first snake.
I got him in the first year of the graphic design program
and I never had owned reptiles before that.
And now I'm up to 19 of them.
I have started a small breeding project called Nerdy Noods, where I breed and
educate people on snakes and to show that they're actually quite nice.
They're very gentle. They're very sweet. As you could see, he's just chilling with me.
This is what he usually does while we're working.
He's very calm. He's very beautiful too.
I love using him as references and he's a really good model for some of my videos.
If you look at my portfolio, you'll actually see him in some of my videos.
There is going to be a bit of a jump cut here because I also wanted to show off Scylla.
I bred Scylla myself back in 2020. She was part of my first ever clutch.
She's also a Ball Python like Muffin, but she has a different pattern and she's obviously a baby.
So she's much smaller than him.
Kind of going past by infatuation with snakes though hobbies wise, I also really enjoy games,
video games. I definitely was addicted to Animal Crossing during 2020, when that came out.
Pretty much, most of my 2020, it was Animal Crossing.
I also enjoy board games, you know, good old monopoly as well as some other board games,
card games, like Genesis, Magic the Gathering, and tabletop games.
I'd be getting more into that. I've been playing DnD and Pathfinder.
Those have been some really nice new addictions.
I appreciate you taking the time to get to know me.
Again, my name is Tasmyn Clark.
I am a motion designer and part of generation adaptation, 2021.
[Outro]